0117CBUj98k8MKQp8svI deceptive positive
02GRaAeUBioqRjtkICm3 truthful negative
02kds25RFtpa6DJL21y6 truthful positive
051iyY6PUKLzJbPalu9K truthful positive
05P7vUPmaePGNE1MbNnr deceptive positive
07I2RiEXiuvkfEkSiByp truthful negative
0FDXvbQeh09TzPaj1IKA truthful positive
0KKybu8INQQhZo94iynE truthful positive
0MToxUvIFjSsmlJKJjGd truthful negative
0WiCwAVvPQlKK8eh76Xg truthful positive
pqdd7pIHEn5jx33iZOT6 deceptive negative
pteB9wDEOBOuDTfpFNke deceptive negative
puufEyXVm8dV3XrvZsLp deceptive negative
qA7eLWmxYMJPcul4kggW deceptive negative
qE9cXyCbfs2VS6ESrgyA truthful positive
qEcJa3uFZIIKe1gduvHe truthful negative
qKOmrvY3ZvWNwxePa1Gn truthful positive
qKpzTn20QJJvrKsJzjnt truthful positive
qLo6qoRy6reOVEBEfOfX deceptive positive
qN1JMa87RyjzjLf8vxA9 truthful negative
qPOJQzCLSbvazPwb9F9B truthful positive
qPVfs2fQgk6ErXJMbVFf truthful negative
qPcH4gpXJGiGhsU6x2Tl truthful negative
qTy7JNPdCP81gt4mrtVq deceptive positive
qUInHXGOsMKqcCaHmhbz truthful positive
qV4SHElseRTm0giqockX deceptive positive
qlqjN8PvPbnJzHl8N7Te deceptive positive
qoDXqUs3tkIcykt3XIIK deceptive positive
qoPS2snnNPVvrgd2HygH truthful positive
r4RKJx4Tjj8N7TdTbjhg deceptive negative
r58p3ICrNvM5Q8oTGF0z deceptive negative
rACAHFeu2jSrlZiSnh4F truthful positive
rCFNDQDwqYzDWjluiCJQ truthful negative
rCiTbhDt4D70HuOG0uc9 deceptive positive
rIMQV4gGHH7m1ZUuGAXI deceptive negative
rKnQU9HLgC2mSF3EiVBn truthful positive
rPJwOwOliqQeAeSyiZVu truthful positive
rW4x1KYZa5gWBzs9i6Al truthful negative
rWUriO3ffNI075D38byU truthful positive
rYFK4imyiu4bPcrC7IU9 truthful negative
rdDrBxbwOcBVrkUhwJoB deceptive positive
rdLgqGD6gNWdQOq1QpmV truthful negative
rfJNTadLbshovaxj7zCg truthful positive
rihXxYyARuLUGuC8yXGL deceptive negative
rml0T9JjRb5CeaejcoAv truthful positive
rsmxzojz1uJJsuArp81J truthful positive
rwiFxdYYUBzgDndCVLYM truthful positive
rxmk4VjtQNlEk6pGKgWq deceptive positive
s5CsFgO0MWg9hKvNITCq deceptive negative
s6c3nz1F8gdcE3ZBSxnd deceptive negative
s7nuyzHj4UnszJ2bbkaE truthful negative
sCyGmzCalwMF3091MPwP deceptive positive
sDBuJAO53MJ7JRlqoIlW deceptive positive
sDPbw8jFV8TLhRNjekS2 deceptive positive
sF9mtfz0rCsBN3qF67Xd deceptive positive
sINLZw0y39dEMnh05gpg truthful positive
sNm52hKJTVlxiagfSC9H truthful negative
sZDdEGRIVYduxFcQcuWt truthful positive
sfItZ0NCX89qmHObAXlm truthful negative
sfVBortd6ssmEflrPsL8 truthful positive
sgfBQr2nIZWuR8puoYcT truthful negative
smQOFXiGSNbvGhhh8bcu deceptive positive
sml5rzTNmwNZARZ4DFgr truthful positive
sobWIFnQ6FENZo6B7X4D deceptive negative
sxhVKxT218z4uoBMosBp deceptive negative
sxkQs9eDWbArC9QV45ry truthful positive
t2TQz7w6txbRKrv1LmIG truthful positive
t2lbI7kckXOY1lvGu6fy truthful negative
t4MGznHUsu2d2CoiZEp7 deceptive negative
t7q5RCWMZ05KtrJN47Lu truthful negative
tBu3Yx1TiphYh9sMsfqy truthful positive
tHA1BlJdPmrgTf9rmoYe deceptive negative
tIy1UUPLgQvpX3bo9qAa truthful negative
tZ3UXBgSidGOl5qZTYnl truthful negative
tdxCfne590JsvlU0ju8b deceptive positive
tlNs6SvNUWwV92GHyJzG deceptive positive
tpuLfCCuMz0jCUYA25vj deceptive negative
tuyZ1YjBSugvD30J7Rlp deceptive negative
tv1oSBQmPYvIS3bNuSIl deceptive positive
tw52YQtwcjmrveUjtVN0 truthful negative
u2Kx8QoMmncRnstALpAP truthful negative
uEgav5RKixwQ1iz8g1Gt truthful positive
uFwtevzBRgOOFkDVmOul deceptive positive
uHOQ3SKELyiH0GoePSCz deceptive negative
uJnyEjG9ceSQItoxm4dp truthful positive
uLAGksQvtiNAqnxoEFty deceptive negative
uOBZrm9y5FkQ3LTkXtwf deceptive negative
uOF1237SXwQjWlXgcUVb truthful negative
uSF5Oox84eS4RB0u5LhN deceptive negative
uSjYTS5TmjRD9BuNogL7 truthful positive
uVRvpv9TVIdR2jH7ryGX deceptive positive
uaoCYq5J5qzFFOYmG94L truthful positive
ugSMfA1jIis7HvdHadqu truthful positive
ujUHkGaQFxPxUWLoqUPM truthful negative
uk38lFia7vMrbUHbx8Yr truthful negative
ulpZLoULJe3sxEs3mlvO deceptive positive
uoxYI3H0wAOoaAX2AiFE truthful positive
upsEx5fgHhBklheLXJUM deceptive negative
uuCavAOgXHH2gENqY7ir deceptive negative
v2PkXYTzdSnZPDqSmFQk deceptive positive
v3EkQdRrHbNnF9K0uVSB truthful positive
v8IrJAIvgBHkVATRQIkb deceptive positive
vCI0pRW6bWujO6D6FlXT deceptive negative
vDm63WYmzJEOahUmJyiN truthful negative
vIKlHZun7ssbdo3Li3Ok truthful positive
vIanR0swdQL1Wsw1JZri truthful negative
vPGz1XeYdBBOkHkVRbwy truthful negative
vRqeK37wqhLclkoS8N1M truthful positive
vSzrXQPlJkJs1bXr03CY deceptive positive
vT3BOI3BbIsNvA4QGpis deceptive negative
vTZRUQjaAjncEqLmpfXr truthful positive
vTZsM4Qh54LXxwzHbr1C truthful positive
vVouiVQFUrxKxA2QHPgE truthful negative
vf0LfjnblWZqyoBZkmm4 truthful positive
vlWqXb4LBa5QgdIgNQjO deceptive negative
vr2eHAbniR3eDwtXr6rz truthful negative
vriNDnBneAuIF9vfwD1b truthful negative
vxIagxMT4Zq7AwkfmDBA truthful positive
w5zfZAM1bQQRSOoVnF9S truthful positive
w64HXo2IPMD0PxBs4kmN truthful positive
w9457gU942VLhA82x27A deceptive negative
wFiOIF7vjaos7kAWA7oF truthful negative
wIXCdbZ7vRyMyJpkyCer deceptive negative
wJGTklYs4qWBT9ZCqHnQ truthful positive
wSi7veb5SbJYUKWpgLcc deceptive negative
wWyuD27jaW14J18QHYXl deceptive negative
waN4fJ123Hr7fPUWW5c7 truthful positive
wc8tbi41kj7gckVgByKF deceptive negative
wfvdhSMkwMNlC4phDubE truthful positive
wiyCgnoGqQuyWrO4QTuW deceptive negative
wkKzxICoIga0mcFVBDJK deceptive positive
wsbNToyceIhzCBgZsUcO truthful positive
wvIzYP5yXwHHXgUsJu0B truthful positive
wwohG3i7EHm0qZddYLZj truthful positive
x1W9wJzHjv2oggtJ78Fh deceptive positive
x3kn0AU0bqLOU137q9BW deceptive negative
x6K7kLY25ZmHxCfQWFic truthful negative
x8fG4Cpf34hrRVflzBjC deceptive positive
xBOPygy1ZC1bn5REnkHn truthful negative
xCuHsQtUulOYcZDBdyCl truthful negative
xEHKwQ11hKPrhMs2o3CE truthful positive
xMTDPvz3pNApCGKnFy7n deceptive positive
xNGbV0moehyoxzQ2Uo0u deceptive positive
xQDrKljaccDdvp7b6DuU truthful positive
xSRoPjJYrWh9L7nanp8R deceptive positive
xTDHuu576Rcc3AlKYCBT deceptive negative
xTEW9SpxufwdWo2jtDu2 truthful positive
xhLKxBsGAZfUKJNUDOoQ deceptive positive
xjQZ7SpNGyutxaPZkRRE deceptive negative
xkfuwhYBcPKjCpIccknM truthful negative
xnFLzKdY0wq8d3p3k2gN deceptive negative
xnWSw3uN6HX1QHQ3H2Vy truthful positive
xoTUVKBOyNxQCSIckdlT deceptive negative
xs8edd0WfStEW4GB2jN8 deceptive negative
xtfLRrxR36uodruRgeoL truthful negative
xx4xAtWAGz0I0Tsgb9Ql deceptive negative
xy98kw3zeo4LgfMLCJnS truthful negative
xzAb3MgQvWUV3CxCAIrI deceptive positive
xzsozvTV7FiYaVYQfwIl truthful negative
y3NLnRXXAunJjcAPqAgz truthful negative
y3Y1AgNyuzWQDmjDW1O2 deceptive negative
y3oHjaTCzRX8JZ5L3Msu truthful positive
y6BCxTKzWmm6LIeHlFc5 truthful negative
yDeoCTrd9KPMuwK91y78 deceptive negative
yF4diUPjNIXjYvpA2DBp deceptive positive
yJJNgNWaJq9HFOxhxEoS deceptive positive
yK5thMygeQqIPCWX2Pl1 deceptive positive
yMUjbuZABOaWNO3jKl8j truthful negative
yO8GXXZrbUf7S6vguiwD truthful positive
yON2TGxH2rGZNStU5x1y deceptive positive
yPHsGAPJya4AswH5W2W7 deceptive positive
yQBISMl7HLyFhtIhQGVn deceptive negative
yRb7nBWuegFmK00V1mOx deceptive negative
yV2SpdQGS9XzncOCJSNR truthful negative
yWevDbZ78NozmTpoGv9O deceptive negative
yY1Imonx7lviJn2ijgOo deceptive positive
ycUku7AggUjAMhCL0i9w truthful negative
ydIjVojWkVkQhXSamo4h deceptive negative
yfyGOVX6kO5xUSmgVnrj truthful negative
yjG2JLndPGGeynfZneul deceptive positive
ymvOuGFTzS0mTqheWen8 truthful positive
yuakUIjCfF3EgFNYlVgB deceptive positive
yuzyPqQxB3CpLG8ILHeU truthful negative
yvgYgXX5QJIRGrw0OKLv truthful negative
ywtx5gWWpJgQy9lDiqLd deceptive positive
z3PcNuChHSSm2N2foaA4 truthful negative
z47ILdDfuUiGbTlq8SFT deceptive positive
z4BejlStMLi8831Puc8H deceptive negative
z5gams5LiihQxTVWgMIR deceptive negative
z7XFNduN6oZkS27ISKpk truthful negative
zANlAIwui9ko1liFYmnX deceptive positive
zIfPGBXSTD6wS3g0puC6 deceptive negative
zM4LuROx57la1dJaoOpH deceptive positive
zNrp0Cz4O4SBsAvEDT1T deceptive negative
zOa4juOxWTHWNgOOOe6u truthful negative
zOh4Q0d50F5r2VuMc4sK truthful negative
zP9RhDRtpRHbQvmNLWLt truthful negative
zUmUAzqE63q8LDwyihTf truthful positive
zWV71X14ikF0ZbhcJjDC deceptive positive
zb0ltJrVsRfY5F4MOBqm deceptive positive
zbkXcsrVT5mWlo6kV9VX truthful positive
zcSAmT09l7Vc8mgMVOJe truthful positive
znXSc7eBGDLdR0OrjXDw deceptive negative
znkUENi2GYhIajXvpstN truthful negative
zq7RiL46J0AjU8iBSktv truthful negative
zqQFXmjahyZZbIas62AM deceptive positive
zrk0KdqyxKPblq7gEA7d truthful positive
zsxhapatneZFBpyDdoOr deceptive negative
zuTnlAYtBvT1FjN2RKWj deceptive positive
zvwkh674t2sxSGHHkXgm truthful positive
